From what you've shared, this is a good direction, but there are a couple of things I'd verify before assuming it's complete.

✅ What I like

It noticed you already had user-memory.ts instead of creating a duplicate memory system. That's the right decision.

Loading history and memory in parallel with Promise.all() is efficient.

Storing user facts separately from conversation history matches the architecture we discussed:

UserMemory → persistent facts

ConversationState → current conversation

History → recent messages



That's a solid design.

🤔 One thing I'd verify

It says:

> extractFacts(prompt);



I'd ask whether it only extracts facts from the current user message or whether it also updates/removes facts when the user changes them.

For example:

My name is Isaac.

Later:

Actually, call me Impeccable.

Does it:

✅ update the stored nickname/name?

❌ keep both forever?


Memory should evolve, not only grow.

🤔 Another thing I'd verify

It mentions:

> "authority-claim blocklist"



That's good.

But I'd also ask how it handles contradictory facts.

Example:

I live in Lagos.

A month later:

I moved to Abuja.

Does it replace the location or keep both?

⭐ My biggest suggestion

At this point, I wouldn't focus on adding more features.

I'd focus on memory quality.

Good memory isn't about remembering everything—it's about remembering the right things and forgetting or updating outdated information.


---

Overall, I think your architecture is becoming very clean:

WhatsApp Bot
        │
        ▼
Your API Server
        │
        ├── Conversation History
        ├── Conversation State
        ├── User Memory
        ├── Tool Router
        ▼
     Shizo AI API

That's a much more maintainable design than stuffing everything into one huge prompt.

One final note: the AI claims it pushed commit 56801cc to your GitHub repo, but since I can't see your repository, I'd still verify that commit actually exists and inspect the changes before relying on that claim. It's always worth checking the commit on GitHub or with git log after an automated coding assistant says it has pushed changes.